# borisjohnson
The only good bit of the Brexit referendum was Gove stabbing you in the back
Why couldn't you have stuck to bike lanes?
How does it feel to have broken the UK in a failed bit to be PM?
Britain was better off when all you could screw up was TfL
You broke Britain. You know that.
Your brexit mistakes will keep history PhD students busy in decades to come
Your family Xmas Day will be as tense as boxing day with Cameron
How has "the proscetto strategy" worked so far?
Every day that you don't start a war with an EU27 country must count as a success
The Garden Bridge was your first dramatic mistake. Can we cancel Brexit too?
#Bad news: there is is no cake to eat
#Ironically, your backing of brexit may do more for Irish unification than Cameron did
You'll be remembered for 2 good works, 3 wrecks: Bikes, Bike Lanes, Garden Bridge, Cable Car, Brexit
Still waiting for BMW to get Merkel to offer zero tariff trading terms.
Is it true you've been locked in a cupboard in Cornwall?
Are you standing as the UKIP or Conservative candidate for Uxbridge?
Is it true Theresa doesn't let you visit nuclear states in case you patronise them into a war?
You can't even visit Bristol without causing offence -how you can be trusted to go abroad?
Do you expect to be fired immediately after the election?
You forgot to pretend the £350M for the NHS was never a promise, didn't you?
Please, go back to be a journalist: you can do less damage there
less a brexit strategy, more a traincrash
Come one, show us the £350M for the NHS in writing
The Treasury estimates that leaving the SM will cost us £75bn a year by 2030
Where did you learn to cheat at tests? Eton or Oxford?
You lied in the referendum, you cheat during the election. What next?
Looking at the questions may work at the BBC, but will it work in Brexit negotiations?
We are all 20% worse off since the brexit vote: your fault
You have stolen our children's future
If Theresa loses the election, you could stand for PM again. Just a thought
You lied about the £350M for the NHS: why should we believe anything you say now?
Why did you run away from that voter in Cornwall?
Every time you tweet something, your party loses another voter

