#https://www.conservativehome.com/platform/2016/02/david-davis-britain-would-be-better-off-out-of-the-eu-and-heres-why.html
#https://www.conservativehome.com/platform/2016/07/david-davis-trade-deals-tax-cuts-and-taking-time-before-triggering-article-50-a-brexit-economic-strategy-for-britain.html
"If a democracy cannot change its mind, it ceases to be a democracy," . David Davies MP, 2012
"I’ve always said nobody ever pretended that this would be simple or easy," David Davies MP 2017
"putting politics above prosperity is never a smart choice"
"There is the sectoral analysis: they are working through about 50 cross-cutting sectors"
"We currently have in place an assessment of 51 sectors of the economy." October 2016
"we are conducting a broad range of analysis at the macroeconomic and sectoral level to understand the impact of leaving the EU"
"It is not the case that 58 sectoral impact assessments exist." Written Statement to Parliament, December 2017
"There is no systematic impact assessment." David Davies MP, December 2017
"They are in excruciating detail." House of Comments committee, on the impact assessments
"That data’s being gathered. We’ve got 50, nearly 60 sector analyses already done"
"We continue to analyse the impact of our exit across the breadth of the UK economy, covering more than 50 sectors"
#"We are in the midst of carrying out about 57 sets of analyses, each of which has implications for individual parts of 85% of the economy"
#"a wide range of analysis covering all parts of the UK to inform the UK’s position for the upcoming negotiation"
"Always in a negotiation you want the other side to compromise. I want them to compromise" November 2017
"so far in this negotiation we’ve made quite a lot of compromises" November 2017
"Post Brexit a UK-German deal would include free access for their cars and industrial goods" May 2016
"we can do deals with our trading partners and we can do them quickly" July 2016
"I would expect the new Prime Minister on September 9th to immediately trigger a large round of global trade deals"
"I would expect that the negotiation phase of most of them to be concluded within between 12 and 24 months"
"within two years ... we can negotiate a free trade area massively larger than the EU. "
#"the new trade agreements will come into force at the point of exit from the EU, but they will be fully negotiated and therefore understood in detail well before then"
"The negotiating strategy has to be properly designed, and there is some serious consultation to be done first"
"some of the economic benefits of Brexit will materialise even before the probable formal departure from the EU around December 2018"
"this approach should allow us to present to the British electorate in 2020 the early fruits of a successful global trade-based economic strategy"
"we can do deals with our trading partners, and we can do them quickly"
"We are too valuable a market for Europe to shut off." You, Feb 2016
"Within minutes of a vote for Brexit the CEOs will be knocking down Chancellor Merkel’s door..."
"We have far more to gain than we have to lose, while the opposite is true for the EU"
"Access to our market is more important to Europe than our access to theirs"
"Toyota, Nissan, Airbus, even BMW, Opel and Volkswagen have now said that Brexit will not hinder their investments in Britain" Feb, 2016
"No-one can reasonably say that the UK would cease to have access to European markets"