No party with Boris Johnson in cabinet can accuse other parties of bringing chaos
#Are you reallly so scared of Jeremy Corbyn that you won't debate him?
Boris Johnson's R4 interview shows why your party can't claim to be in control
If you claim to be a "strong leader" why haven' you fired Boris yet
#Why are you so scared of Boris Johnson that he's been locked out of sight?
Did you call this election because of fears of the police investigation of the last?
How does it feel to be holding the least relevant national election in the EU this year?
#If you really think an election will change the EU negotating stance: one more illusion
Do you still have those remain campaign photos from 2016?
"If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—for ever.” George Orwell, 1984
#How does it feel to have Trump place an EU trade deal ahead of one with the UK?
Cameron will be remembered for the Brexit referendum. You for the disaster that followed
You could end up being the last PM of the UK of Great Britain and NI.
Who are you going to blame for the failed negotiations? Remainers or the EU27?
#If you are a strong leader, why not lead on air pollution?
We need a strong leader. Her name is Angela Merkel
How do you claim to represent the UK when most of Scotland despises you?
Yours is a party of national suicide. Whatever you are, it's not "safe"
When you say "Strong and Stable", are you comparing yourself with Cameron?
Jean-Claude Juncker won't be on your Xmas card list then?
#Tip: put the name of the town you are in on a sticker on your left hand. look at it nonchalantly
Tip: when eating food of the masses, pretend that you've eaten it before -and enjoyed it
##Is it true that it's Nichola Sturgeon who you are scared debating?
Why so scared of visiting Bristol? You'd have been more broadly welcome
If you can't handle one dinner with the EU, how can you get through the Brexit negotations?
Why do you look nervous in photoshoots? Fear of meeting voters?
There will be no cake to have nor eat. When you will you admit that?
No press releases on the 0.3% economic growth?
Who is playing Project Fear this time round?
Is it true you tried "Imminent Economic Downturn" before picking on #StrongAndStable?
Why did you choose not to use "Utter Brexit Trainwreck?" as your slogan?
When will you tell the young their future ends at the Isle of Wight?
What if people want a Progressive Coalition over the Trainwreck of the Tories?
Why does Theresa always look nervous in photoshoots? Fear of meeting voters?
There will be no cake to have nor eat. When you will you admit that?
No press releases on the 0.3% economic growth?
Why no mention of #climatechange in your manifesto? Closing your eyes doesn't stop it
Why hasn't your manifesto included the treasury's #brexit damage estimates in its costs?
Will you tell your elderly voters that they're retiring to clacton rather than marbella?
Strong and stable my arse
The Treasury estimates that leaving the SM will cost us £75bn a year by 2030
David Davies couldn't negotiate his way out a paper bag. Dim and useless
If you wanted a better negotation with the EU, why not just fire David Davies
We are all 20% worse off since the brexit vote
"#DementiaTax —the eligible won't notice they are paying it"
Why so scared of #DementiaTax coverage? Regretting that bit of the manifesto
Is the #DementiaTax your secret way of coping with the Brexit economic fallout?
Leaving the Single Market for Services will cost £35 billion/year. Why so silent?
#DementiaTax: do you want us all to forget your warnings about #Brexit being a disaster?
weak and wobbly
U-turn on a manifesto promise within a week of its launch? A new record
An election manifesto U-turn. Unique in British politics. Well done!
#frailandfloppy
"Nothing has change on #dementia tax". "Currency collapse not due to Brexit". Alternative reality
Isn't it Jeremy Hunt that's been putting out false claims on #dementiatax?
If one newspaper article is enough for one U-turn, what 
U-turn if you want to
It is going to look so bad if you lose.
If you lose the election, Boris will become party leader. Can you trust him now?
weak and wobbly, weak and wobbly, weak and wobbly, ...


 


